and then recording the personal gabriel here
lobex channel quilmes america to rock
called for some examples of
souza kiton that the tax is basically
a training session in my every time
to make a choice that I thought
interesting
It usually looks good but it does not
necessarily had to be a time
Good, I'll do it again for
remember about it and show it to you so
it's very fast three solutions only all
chickens and solutions a description
celebrated I'm going to look whose white and the cross
yellow and here I decide by white color
It's very cool, have this piece here.
This is this and that and we have a
possibility of stroz because of this
I sing here his piece
I know that when you do f2 will stay
so it's all only with the help of two
and chicken and is easy to put here but
since it is here that I want to do
more crops and a medium with this component
necrosis of this orange and green corner is
I do not know when I do this one.
the one that is going to go up
I can fit it here before
finish the thickest thing already knowing
What am I going to do?
instead of doing something here in the
front or maybe behind
I'll do it with her here on the side like this.
so I'm going to do r2p here to make it stay
yes from all year and a half here from f1
appear here and before aligning cross
I fit this medium here in box
currently but the moment I saw this
This I had already planned is another year
is doing the thing there was for that
instead of fitting into a box
so besides scrolling with soap
to here for the cross line as it's good
participate when I fit I already see here
I 'm already looking at this one, it's going to stay
also good
It's the look I see here it's going to give a skin
diagonal of regional concern
probably and gave ov
just do and just Bonfa Monday or
then looking here at the cross in white and the
I decided to make the yellow but I
I want to try what you do because if you
hit the eye here on the white cross she
It seems interesting that I have here a
easy-to-fit joint
if you want to here to here for example
It's easy to even have an idea the former ace
but when I looked in sony
I came to make the exchange very difficult there.
as soon as I heard I heard the yellow cross and
I saw that Maria is accused even more
although not at first appear to
We have this part here.
and this I know that here and goes and goes
stay both of these here in this
layer that already only lack of cells here
found with him to finish cross
since I'm going to look for a right pair
to keep an eye on him to make it good
for when the cross already does this
at 15 seconds
so I saw this one here is the best
possible and you realize that making a
movement and if on the cross alone it will
in an excellent phase this is so when doing the
fm just over here it will be cute
here just to fit in when you're done
so with red on the front here do
this extra move
fr of places red or of line of
line again and I put it there thing I have
this here and when you start to do
I already see that there is something
experience rather than simply
put the normal father and leave the other
falls to 5 which is not the best case in the world
As I already know, that's how I do it.
that's normal
rather than kayak in bunch which is the
favors the fit of the one and puts itself
put the mother back I already see this one
and then this one
the idea is the bread skin
Good guys, let's go to the third and
last solution today
on the white you've seen this
line here and looking at the other houses
white accuses the bank is really
very easy was really quiet and I
I ended up doing something anyway.
I'm going to show you why.
really the thing's been very easy just
put these two here and get this one
It's already been paid well here for
be done but I always give an arrival
fast what you're doing but white
always the rapid arrival of the currency in
yellow economy seen here
I also have to quickly see if it is
easy to cross and here it was
interesting to scroll if you all
world that would stop here but I noticed
was going very easy because this
medium will fit here easily
making love so let's give a
idea of what I thought in the yellow house to
We have this piece that here is this
here and this one is just put this
concert so you also know how to
f2 does come here then also accuses
yellow same sex coast easy to
make sex pink if you stop at school
but since this means embedded here
along with this one leaning against it
so instead of making a f 2021 so
I do so the block
then just put the two and finish the
public then concluded so I did the
line r line the line r 2
a id formei ex croze alex cross is listening
these two there by choice I already saw that it is
It's best to do this first because
help this one stay a little more
cool will not feel the people you can
If you want but without taking out the club I did
so to do if a tacho
already looking I know I know he is going
be good and you can look here
this one at the end so just do it here
on the back
Looks great and the good guy is
This is it , I hope you guys have
liked
a big hug